hey guys it's Holly and Alex and today
we are going to be showing you the
twister moves Boop
so we want to think Hasbro for sending
this to us because we love to hoop this
has a built-in counter so it keeps track
of how many spins you can do so Alex is
going to try it out and see how many
hoops she can hoop how many do you think
you can do probably or not we're not
gonna guess how many I don't know okay
so the cool thing about this as well is
they also have a moves tracker which is
like a little watch that you wear it's
digital and it keeps track of your moves
that is sold separately but it has a
little slot where you can put it right
here and it all um it will count your
hoops as well so that's pretty cool
so we were going to open this up
assemble it and we're gonna see how many
hoops Alex can you ready okay let's do
it
okay so inside the boxes you get seven
pieces this one right here has the
clicker the hoop counter on it so you
can see it kind of counts your hoops
and then it has just a little lever or
you can push it up and it goes back to
zero so you can start over okay so these
pieces just basically click together
once there click together they're really
not supposed to come apart so make sure
you click them together the way that you
want them so here let's see there that
was easy peasy you also get the
directions which are pretty basic just
like I just showed you that all the
pieces click together and because this
is gonna make a pretty good size hoop
we're not going to finish this right
here on camera we're going to take this
outside and put together and then we're
going to play with it
okay so that is the twister moves hoop
this is pretty cool it does work as they
say it's supposed to which it counts
your clicks and as we showed in the
video Alex got up to 21 I think it was
clearly to 22 she says but the thing is
is we saw had her stopped so that we
could show so if we would have let her
go she probably would have gotten more
yeah do you think so what do you think
of it it's pretty cool yeah so it's kind
of a neat twist unlike the standard hula
hoop it makes it a little bit more
exciting I like the fact that you can
tell your kids hey try to get like 30
clicks and see if you can do it and then
you can challenge each other to see who
can do the best to looping so we're
gonna have to play with it some more and
see who can get the most clicks I could
easily get 40 you think so so we're
gonna have to play with it a little bit
more and see see who does the best to
can get the highest number right she's
gonna win so again we want to thank
Hasbro for sending this to us it was a
lot of fun we love to twist and move and
hoop right yep so thanks for watching
guys be sure to comment rate and
subscribe bye